=swf_file
A Ruby Gem based on swfutil lib, by Dennis Zhuang.
SWF File is lightweight gem to read swf file headers from within a Ruby application.

==Ruby compatibility
Target version: 1.9.2dev
Also compatible with: 1.9.1 and 1.8.7

Not tested with versions under 1.8.7. Should you use this lib with other ruby versions, please provide feedback.

==Install
  gem install swf_file

==LICENSE
Please refer to the LICENSE file.

==Example
  header = SwfFile.header 'clicktag.swf' # load the file
  
  # Access the various header options. Please check the unit tests for more usage examples.
  puts header.size
  puts header.compressed?
  puts header.version
  puts header.bit_count
  puts header.xmax
  puts header.ymax
  puts header.width # In pixels
  puts header.height # In pixels
  puts header.frame_rate
  puts header.frame_count
  puts header.duration # In milliseconds
  puts header.avm_version
  puts header.signature
  
  # You can also pass a block to SwfFile.header
  puts SwfFile.header 'clicktag.swf' { |h| puts h.duration }
  
  # It's also possible to create instances of SwfFile
  swf = SwfFile.new 'clicktag.swf'
  swf.header # => SwfHeader class instance equivalent to the return of SwfFile.header(<file>)
  swf.compressed? # => Helper method. Effectively it's an alias to same as SwfHeader#compressed?
  

==Issues, improvements, feedback an suggestions
To report issues, please use GitHub's issue manager (http://github.com/DBA/swf_file/issues). Meanwhile, feel free to fork the project and submit your modifications.
  
Should you wish to contact me directly, please use GitHub's message box or the email available at the Rakefile.
  
==Pending
* Docs